This is a head-gum original.
New combination of guests on the show today should we say.
We have Michael Hurwitz.
We got Merricka Brown.
We got Johnny Villa.
This has never happened.
As I really not.
I don't think so.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Cool.
Core 4.
All right.
New nicknames for all of you guys.
Michael, you were previously heard aty.
Yes.
What about?
How are you?
You can't top that.
That was a really good one.
Yeah.
What about Big Diesel?
M.
Big Diesel.
Yeah.
No, because then it's basically like because Mike is really strong.
So it's like Big Diesel.
And then that doesn't tie into Mike at all.
So then you have to add the M.
But I could also be Big Diesel M.
And it's funny.
You should say that because what my suggestion for you.
It was going to be cold minor brownly.
Because you're never afraid to do the hard work.
All right.
Interesting.
And that's what Johnny is.
I don't think I can guess.
House of duty.
J.U.C.C.I.
M.
Do you see House of Gucci?
No.
I did.
Yeah.
And I really, really did not like it.
That movie's fun.
So that it's crazy.
I think I don't think Adam drivers got nominated for that movie at all.
Like a major thing.
But both Lady Gaga and Jared Lotto have gotten nominated.
And the fact that Jared Lotto got nominated is the craziest thing I've ever experienced.
I feel insane.
I heard Jared Lotto had a good Italian accent.
You heard that?
I did hear that from the Italian man.
Wow.
Johnny, didn't you say last night that is Italian accent was absolute garbage?
No.
I said that because we were actually talking about this movie yesterday.
And Micah.
We were saying that or I was saying that everybody who was Italian in the film had
a different Italian accent.
It was very interesting.
Like Jared Lotto's character was very.
You know, I can't talk while the sound bite is playing.
So you're just interrupting the flow.
Yeah.
But that's like it adds to it because it's a reaction.
But we can naturally react in this show.
And it's to be a lot less forced.
Okay.
And it's going to be a lot more intuitive for the listener.
Anyways.
Jared Lotto.
He's in the film.
Marbi has got pushed back again.
You guys.
Is this movie exist?
Well, never know.
What's Morpheus?
Is that with Jared Lotto?
Morbheus.
Yeah.
I.
How could I have known?
Because it's, I don't know.
It's like a big blog poster movie.
It's the fucking.
He's a vampire man.
Yeah.
His name is.
His name is like.
It's like.
Doctor Michael Morbheus.
Is this a Marvel movie?
Yeah.
It looks so dumb.
Really excited to be honest.
It's insane.
If it will ever come out.
Michael.
You've been on the show in like a year.
I know.
What's been new?
I mean, I know a little bit about your personal life.
But what's been new that you want to share with the audience?
How was the absence treated you?
Good.
Have you found different avenues of joy?
God.
It's a great question.
I don't know.
I'm a great answer.
New avenues of joy.
I'm kind of a, come back to me.
Disappointed that you don't have the, the, the pilot microphone.
That was fun.
Good times.
Yeah.
Now that's when we should have had a video podcast.
That's a very visual gag.
Yeah.
You dropped the ball on this Jeffrey.
I don't know where that microphone is.
Where it was procured in the first place.
But neck, if, if we do do a live episode, not live,
but all on studio, I think Mike, I should have that Mike.
I can find it.
Okay.
It's, it's definitely here somewhere.
Yeah.
The very least it should be like on display in the office.
Do you think when Lady Gaga showed up to set on House of Gucci?
They were like, oh, she's definitely here.
Nice.
No.
No one said that.
Really?
For sure.
Yeah.
Damn.
Daniel.
Did you see the, um, you know the ski scene in House of Gucci?
Whether it's just very non-secretor.
And then they're playing like some generic 80s tune.
It's almost like they, it's like royalty free 80s music.
Yeah.
It's like, uh, it's like last holiday.
Which is, with what'd be Goldberg?
I've never seen that film.
Sorry.
She skis down a mountain.
Uh, and she's like, she doesn't know how to ski.
She's sort of falling down a slow.
How is it like that kind of thing?
I feel like I could have been like, that's like snow dogs.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Did you kill her?
If you have to snack.
Make sure that the snack's going to have your back.
We're talking athletic greens.
75 plus new different nutrients absorbed through your liver.
Is this an ad?
I've been selling my own ads.
How do they?
Did it run on the show?
They will soon, I think.
Did they have it last time?
Have you tried the product?
I try every product that we ever does with and I like it a mall.
I like it a mall.
Speaking of House of Gucci.
Um, Maria, are you, am I going to see you at all one of the New Yorker?
I mean, ideally.
I don't know.
You can easily come to Queens if you want to.
I would like to come to.
Well, that's be specific.
No.
Let's meet a LaGuardia for an after-work opportunity.
Um, yeah, mostly what I do is I just walk on a street for blocks and blocks and blocks
and blocks and blocks and then I turn around and I go home or I go to physical therapy.
I'm not really how I get out of the house.
Wow.
My new best friend is my physical therapist because he's the person I see the most during the week outside of my roommate.
Uh, so yeah, you know, just killing it.
I don't know.
I might, I might start taking the train into the city and walking around again.
Johnny and I saw licorice pizza on Saturday.
I'm so sorry.
You didn't really.
You didn't like it.
I didn't.
Okay.
No, no.
I, as a movie, I liked it until the very last scene.
And if that had just been cut, I would have enjoyed the movie.
So where do you think it should have ended?
Let's say spoiler alert.
And, uh, so skip ahead two minutes if you don't want to hear this.
Sure.
Yeah.
I think it should have ended when they collapsed into a hug and fell on the ground.
I think that should have been the end of the movie.
I found it in front of the theater.
The fact that she, they go on to kiss and then she says, I love you is insane.
And I'm so, I, I've been in the trenches of this discourse for weeks on Twitter.
Not replying with just reading them and getting more and more mad.
And it's like not like, it's illegal.
It's illegal.
I get, I understand like the concept of this is this happened in the 70s.
Like things were different.
That's totally fine.
I still think they could have easily just cut that and it would have been a non issue.
And the, like the people, the fact that people are defending the age gap as a way to defend the movie is insane.
Just say you like the movie.
Like that's not difficult.
I enjoyed parts of that movie.
I think scenes and like certain characters were really, really funny and good.
And then, you know, there's like this crazy racist joke that happens twice.
We're like, the audience and my theater laughed it appropriately at the joke.
I don't know what happened in your theater.
But like everybody was kind of like, I might think it was like laughing, not at the fact that it was happening.
But at the joke, which was like second time it happened.
No, because of how insane it was.
Yeah.
I stood up in the theater and looked behind to see who laughed at this like a time.
Yeah, he like pointed people with a really straight thing.
Yeah.
But the fact that like, I don't know, Paul Thomas Anderson's like defending that by being like essentially being like,
I, I know Asian people.
It's fine.
It's definitely paraphrasing.
It's not funny.
And also like if that's what the reactions are that you're getting in the audience and the tone is wrong.
And you should just admit that like, yeah.
Sorry, it's not that hard.
The tone is often this movie and that's what makes it that in certain places.
And I'm just tired of people defending it in the wrong way.
Just like defend it on its like movie making merits.
Don't like double down on like, yeah, well,
who didn't have a crush on their babysitter when they were 15 like,
were you like, were you talking?
I'm doing it.
Did you know that my soapbox is Paul Thomas Anderson, his,
I think old art teacher was the high mother.
Yeah.
That's about some mother, which is crazy.
Don't do that.
Yeah.
When that's why she's in it.
That's why Alana and her name family isn't it.
Yeah.
He's hard.
I don't know.
And I don't listen to high.
Yeah, the entire family's in it.
Wow.
And Leonardo DiCaprio's father is in it.
George DiCaprio.
Who does he play?
Was he?
He plays.
Have you seen it?
No, I just looked up the cat.
Let's move on because that was longer than two minutes, I think.
And probably spoil the for some people.
I mean, again, this is one of those times where I'd love to hear more about your
character.
Because I feel like sometimes the show acts as a barrier between me and you guys getting
closer to you in front of friendship level.
And I'm feeling pretty fucking lonely today, so like the idea of getting closer to you guys
even over this next 40 minutes would be kind of chill.
Right on.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
What do you want to know, Jeff?
Right on.
Was that right on to us getting closer or right on that I'm lonely?
Right on to just continue the podcast.
Honestly, it's just hard to be like alone with your thoughts and apartment.
Yeah.
Right on to connect.
Right on to that too, I agree.
To what to.
To connect.
And not about your personal life.
Our personal life's really.
Yeah.
How do you guys make friends?
Let's start there.
I have no idea.
You just have them.
Everybody just connects and gets them.
Yeah, but I can't.
Oh, go ahead.
No, I was just going to say, I have some.
But I feel like all the places that I got these friends are like closed or I can't.
Like I feel like I made friends at like going to ECB shows.
And now that's done.
And so now I have no new friends.
And I need some.
No new friends.
Let's go.
No new ones.
No.
That's actually because that justifies me not having many.
You have a lot of friends.
Yeah.
You really do.
You know so many people here.
Yeah.
I do really.
A lot of people.
Um.
Sorry.
That made me sadder because it's like you can know a lot of people but not feel close to them.
Pain's the longest.
Knowing that my family is three blocks away.
It just sucks.
Yeah.
Why don't you take the initiative.
Reach out.
It's hard.
How is it hard?
You already have established some sort of relationship.
So it's on you really.
Well, she has covens.
I can't.
Yeah.
We live in the digital age where we can reach out via Instagram messages or even text messages.
I think you should make online friends.
I think you should like find a forum for your interests and to start talking to people there.
Yeah.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I'm on those.
Hmm.
Okay.
Haven't made any friends.
Are you just ostracizing people?
I'm not ostracizing people.
I just like, I give my opinions on different references and then people like don't either agree with them or don't.
And when they agree with them, I'm like, okay, well, that's actually my opinion.
So you can't have it.
And then if they don't agree with them, then I get angry because I'm like, what are you trying to start something?
Yeah.
I'll go to toe for the tutor, oyster prints, 1967 reference, not year any day of the week.
So imagine if I did that to you, like, if I wouldn't like that.
Yeah.
So think about it through like another person's perspective.
You doing it to them.
Not right.
Maybe not right.
Like a Pinterest board because that's what I can do by myself.
No, it's not.
You're not going to make friends.
I can't trust.
Michael, how long have you been dating your girlfriend?
Two years.
Wow.
And is there trouble in paradise?
Nope.
Smooth sailing.
That's good.
Because that's the other thing is like feeling lonely in terms of like relationship.
Woes.
So I'm not really six with them or not.
You're not even trying to get to know Michael.
You just wanted to insert yourself after his comment.
Oh, because that's something we could connect on if he said trouble in paradise.
Then I could say, well, you know, you should do.
And then suddenly he and I are single guys out on the town out with a frown.
So much so that the crease of your forehead forms just so Johnny, let's talk about fashion.
How did it intersect with fashion?
What is fashion?
It's a build up of tissue as you grow.
I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, Marika.
But it's a build up of tissue as you grow that forms around your bones and muscles.
And it's kind of usually why people have, you know,
posture issues.
You can have it broken up, but it's one of those things.
Look, it's technical.
Oh, oh.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, I'm burning a pie.
A pie.
Attend to the pie.
No, it's, you know, when you're like making spores, some people just dip their thing in the fire
and it burns and they like it that way.
That's how I like my fucking poison.
Very, very.
Somebody did make a mock up of a tour poster for the headgon podcast.
And I'd love to do a tour this year if we can talking, calling it the poison tour.
No, it's amazing.
I'll shout them out individually as soon as I pull this up on my Twitter.
But I actually think it would be called the joys.
Yeah.
The joys in tour.
We're staying up with the idea of the joys in tour.
I earned the poison.
I came in from Isabelle at IS4 Bell Samuel on Instagram.
I met Twitter, but it's, it might be their Instagram.
It's the worst.
But yeah, we're going, we should do the joys in tour this year.
Would any of you guys want to come on that tour on the day?
Sure.
We should do our tour should just be out of a bus.
Like we should write a bus.
Yeah.
And just do live shows and parking lots illegally.
Oh, I thought you met.
No, I think we should do them in big theaters where we make a lot of money.
Like people say the marquee, which is kind of intriguing.
And we pick up some new fans along the way.
But we travel from show to show on a bus.
Like those old rock bands who get closer because of it.
Yeah.
And then for the parking lot idea.
Co-signing.
I actually had this idea where we don't go to major metropolitan areas.
Yeah.
You go like just 10 miles out of it.
So people like really small bars.
But no one knows about sort of a grateful data approach.
So we'll do Albany.
Yeah.
We should do an amphitheater only tour.
That would be amazing.
But then we need the joys in to fill the air.
Because it's easy to have a high energy show when you're in a smaller venue.
Yeah.
I think it's harder in arenas and amphitheaters.
The issue is like we're going to sell out no matter what the venue is.
How I wonder how many tickets.
No, I don't mean ticket sales.
I mean like we'll be sell outs.
I know.
I'm just saying I wonder how many tickets you need to like guaranteed sell in order to book like a giant arena.
You know what I mean?
Like imagine if as a bit we did a show at Madison Square Garden.
But we like.
I think you're really campaigned for bad.
I might be wrong.
But I think they rent the place and then that's how they do it.
So we usually we can do it.
Still a good bet.
That's the exact shape that I would do if like if you know I make billions of dollars on NFTs.
And how far are you in that?
I've made a couple.
A little over a thousand dollars.
And how much have you lost?
None so far.
Wow.
So you're like net positive.
Yeah.
I'm net positive.
Uh.
In yeah.
So get sad again.
No.
This was like, this was probably the best the show has gone in weeks.
We're jelly off each other.
Like I said.
I thought about all the times that I had COVID and you know how old it is having COVID.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm thinking just think about how you don't connect with anybody even though you know a lot of people according to them.
You're going to also just connect with people.
You can text them.
You can be a better texture.
You could face time people.
Yeah.
I think be a better texture is the best advice because he did text me all I had COVID.
Something along lines of why don't people like me.
This is a real story.
And then he, I think he emphasized the text and I didn't respond.
It was a really awful move.
I also like text their Jeff about a work thing and he never responded to it.
I was drunk when you texted me that.
Yeah.
I close.
Didn't upload the podcast at all.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I had to do it for you.
Last week, I forgot how the show worked after having been off of the schedule for two weeks.
Yeah.
Are you going to go back to Saturday?
We do have to take a quick break.
But we'll be back with a segment that I'm pretty academic excited about.
And I think it's going to pull us all out of this trench that we call the headgum podcast.
Thank you to Gator Frameworks for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, Gator Frameworks is your premier choice for high quality music audio and video accessories.
Whether you're in your home studio or on the road doing what you love, you deserve products that will enhance your performance and creativity.
Gator Frameworks offers a vast array of innovative types of stands, hangers, and other accessories featuring clever design and proven functionality.
There are your one stop shop for all your creative needs, including content creation, podcasting and other studio needs.
Gator Frameworks offers over 100 innovative types of stands, hangers, and other accessories for the music audio and video industry.
So go to gatorframeworks.com to learn more.
Gator Frameworks built to perform.
They get to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, I've started using athletic greens and it has given me so much more energy to get throughout my day.
And I just feel like my body is happier for it.
I'm not someone who is good about eating vegetables.
I love meat.
So athletic greens allows me to get a lot of the nutritional value of several servings of vegetables with one drink in the morning.
Also, sometimes you just don't have time to find a lunch spot at work or pack a lunch that has healthy stuff.
But if you want better gut health, more energy, optimize immunity, and you don't like taking pills and vitamins, but you want a supplement that tastes actually great.
Try athletic greens.
So what is this stuff?
Well, with one scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high quality vitamins, minerals, whole food source, superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system, your energy, recovery, focus, and aging, all the things.
Alright, I take it in the morning, I do a protein shake, and then I do my athletic greens, and it gets me started with some good protein that my body can break down throughout the day.
And some vitamins nutrients, as if I had had the healthiest breakfast possible, but all I had to do was scoop several things into water and shake.
It's lifestyle friendly, whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy, for your gluten free.
It contains less than 1 gram of sugar, no GMOs, no nasty chemicals, or artificial anything while still tasting good.
And it also helps support better sleep quality and recovery and mental clarity and alertness, which as someone recovering from having had COVID twice.
The brain fog can be tough, and honestly, I don't know if it's placebo or not, but I think athletic greens is helping me focus more.
Tons of people will take some kind of multivitamin, and it's important to choose one with high quality ingredients that your body will actually absorb.
Athletic greens one, AG one, is a small micro habit with big benefits, and it's one thing you can do every single day to take great care of yourself.
Your subscription also comes with a year supply of vitamin D, which is incredibly important for immunity.
That's, I used to take vitamin D pills, now I'm taking them from athletic greens.
It costs less than $3 a day, and you're investing in your health, and it's cheaper than your cold brew habit.
It's also cheaper than getting all the different supplements yourself, or cheaper than even getting vegetables and cooking them.
You're investing in an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
All right, athletic greens has over 7,000 five star ratings.
I mean, and it's recommended by professional athletes, there's no reason not to give this a shot.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient daily nutrition, especially heading into flu and cold season and with COVID-19.
It's just one scoop in a cup of water every day.
That's it.
All right, no need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health, and to make it easy, athletic greens is going to give you a free one year supply of again.
Immune supporting vitamin D and five tree travel packs with your first free purchase.
All right, all you have to do is visit athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that to take ownership over your health and pick up the ultimate daily insurance.
This is the rhythm of the rise.
The rise.
Oh yeah.
The rhythm of the rise.
This is the rhythm of my bite.
My bite.
Oh yeah.
I'm biting into rise.
Sing along if you know the words.
There's an instrumental break. We can't sing along to this part.
This is the worst part.
I can't move.
Sorry.
Now I'm pissed.
Johnny was talking over my entrance. Here we go.
Don't do it over again.
Just move on.
That was sick, dude. Did you write that?
There's so much more to it.
You could put some soy upon my plate.
Oh, sushi in a trendy place.
Big rise to burn too.
And they ball make some rise.
Oh, I can eat all of your grains.
Feel you give my rise again.
Round in round rice goes.
Each time I eat rice plain.
This is the rhythm of the rise.
The rise.
Oh yeah.
The rhythm of the rise.
This is the rhythm of my wife.
Hi wife.
Oh yeah.
I married tons of rise.
Sing along if you know the words.
Another instrumental break.
Sing along of none of those lyrics made sense.
And we can't sing along because you wrote this song.
You're original creation.
But you teach me to eat some more.
No way.
I promise you it will suffice.
So moving your arms better than ice.
It's like the consistency of sand.
The coldest looking dancing ever since.
It's not the consistency.
I don't want to be without rice.
But no.
Be rice bad, be nice.
Take me out to die.
There's only one place.
You know what's called arms B.
This is the rhythm of the rise.
The rise.
Oh yeah.
The rhythm of my wife.
This is the rhythm of my wife.
My wife.
Oh yeah.
I learned to play the five.
This is the rhythm of the rise.
Awesome.
The rise.
Oh yeah.
It's pretty good.
The rise.
Yeah, I'm not going to lie.
This is the rhythm of my wife.
By wife.
Oh yeah.
Imagine going to the club and hearing this.
I don't like my wife.
Oh.
Yeah.
There it is.
Okay.
There we go.
And you deserve it.
After that performance.
You deserve it.
I kind of.
That really didn't go well.
Yeah.
Because I don't really know that song very well.
That was clear.
Pretty fair.
All right.
That's how the segment starts.
And then I thought you guys could give me notes.
Well, what is the segment?
The segment is I made a song and I need notes.
A lot of people.
Nice.
Well, all right.
So one major note.
You were singing a lot about rice and rice adjacent things, which is, I guess, some sort
of thematic thread, you're kind of connecting as the parody.
But you did mention that you could play the five, which is very non-nice rice related.
And they want you to adjust that.
Yeah.
Also, yeah.
You rhymed your own rice with wife and wife.
Which aren't really rhyme.
So maybe I feel like there's a decent amount of ice.
Yeah.
We're in too good.
Change this too.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Are you listening to our...
I'm not listening to it.
There's no rebuttals until the end.
I think I think it should be an open dialogue.
I think you should.
All right.
And I'm kind of pissed because like those notes didn't take into account.
Like how much time this took.
It definitely didn't take long, right?
It was about hours.
Yeah.
So that's really not long.
In fact, it's really fast for writing a song parody.
Yeah.
Can we just zoom in on some of these verses?
Because I feel like I didn't know the rhythm of the...
Ironic the song.
The rhythm of the song.
Okay.
Uh...
It's a physical rhythm.
Won't you teach me how to eat some rice?
I promise you it will suffice.
Taste better than ice.
Consistency of sand.
Yes.
That was a part I was gonna...
Oh, god.
That part's pretty good.
Well, because you say that it has the consistency of sand.
Mm.
It doesn't.
Rice?
Rice.
Yeah.
They're both grains.
Oh, I guess like dry rice.
No.
Don't even give them...
I've got to credit really down.
It really is not...
Feel like rice in your mouth.
Yeah.
And if anything, like...
Grits.
Like that's the consistency of sand, right?
Uncooked grits.
But not rice.
Yeah.
Like a full grain of rice.
Keenwai for stretching the definition and stretching that feeling.
Yeah.
Um...
You could put some soy upon my plate.
Okay.
So she in a trendy place.
Big rice to burn to and baby I'll make rice taste.
The reason that this took you 10 minutes to write is because
None of the words makes sense together.
That makes sense.
That's a poetic stanza.
About going to like a fancy sushi spot.
Baby I'll make rice taste.
And that's the end of the sentence.
Burn rice to what?
To burn to.
Okay.
So rice to burn to.
Yeah.
Can you explain that?
All right.
Maybe we're just not understanding the vision of the creator.
So if you can explain it succinctly, mind you.
This stanza is about me putting soy sauce on rice.
You could put some soy upon my plate.
That's the secret sheet.
Yeah.
Take rice to burn to stick you rice.
Not stick you rice.
I crispy rice.
And baby I'll make rice taste.
So basically not only is there soy on it, which gives more taste to the
rice, but you're making rice taste of you.
So you put the rice on your tongue.
That's making you taste rice.
And rice is tasting you if you know in a way.
If you want to get in stretch, it's sort of poetic.
No.
It's imagery.
It's using words.
Using words and imagery.
Poloems use words.
Yeah.
Poloems use words to create imagery.
And that's what I've done.
Are you not picturing yourself at Katzuja?
No.
Micah.
I'm not really lucky.
Like I can tell that Micah really wants to defend you.
But he really can't find any.
And he thinks to latch on to.
This is the rhythm of the rice.
Oh, that was really good Micah.
Yeah.
It's the same thing I said.
But he had a lot of gump shit.
The rice.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I like this.
It was a different arm.
It wasn't better.
I very mind.
This is the rhythm of your wife.
Oh, wow.
Fine.
Let's just move on.
Thanks for the notes.
Okay.
That was the segment that we're really going to enjoy.
No way.
You said this was long.
Oh, God.
Jesus.
How familiar are you guys with as seen on TV products?
Very.
I, yeah.
I watched TV.
That's cool.
Micah.
Yeah, I've seen this one.
All right.
I thought we could kind of punch some of these up.
It's a picture of oxyclean for the whole year.
Yeah.
Got to say that.
So we're looking at oxyclean here.
I'm saying, how can we punch this up?
How can we make it a little bit more interesting than just a versatile laundry
stain remover?
The punch effect?
More interesting?
Yeah.
What do you mean punch, punch it up?
Like in terms of like changing the name or like what's on the label or the product?
There's, we listen.
We're, we're confronting a changing media landscape.
All right.
We're not really seeing compromises much as we used to.
People have YouTube premium.
People have Hulu.
All right.
People have Netflix.
These are things that don't have commercial breaks.
And that, but these products still exist.
I looked it up.
Everything that we're going to see still exists.
And I want to see how we can create a product.
That's so interesting.
We don't even need it to be as seen on TV.
So for oxyclean, I was thinking hydroxyclean.
So it's hydroxychloroquine for your laundry.
So when you wash a shirt,
uh, COVID can't get to you.
It's not based in science.
So we're, so we're taking these products and we're changing them to be better.
To be better.
Yeah.
Products itself themselves.
Oxyclean being the first.
It doesn't have to rhyme.
I'm just really good at business.
Okay. Sorry.
Hydroxyclean.
Yeah.
Oxycreme.
It's, uh, that's good.
Cream that makes you clean.
So you don't have to shower anymore.
Well, isn't showering like you kind of,
you got to lather going with like bar soap or body wash.
That's kind of a cream.
Conditioners of cream.
Well, I guess in a way,
but I mean, you don't, you need no water.
You just kind of rub it on you and then you're clean.
Like a dry shampoo.
Yeah.
Yeah, dry shampoo.
Your body.
I just do think that soap.
Yeah.
You just said you need to lather.
I don't know.
I mean, it sounds like purel, but cream, which would make people probably feel a little bit uncomfortable physically.
I think it's a powder.
I think it's still a powder like oxyclean.
But it's called oxycreme.
It.
It's powder and then kind of like.
You do have it.
Add some friction.
No.
You add some friction.
What?
What idiot?
You're making it up now.
Add a little bit of friction.
And then it becomes some sort of liquidy substance.
You rub that on your body.
That doesn't have science behind it.
Yeah.
I thought we were just kind of trying to punch it up.
These are just ideas.
Yeah.
It's different.
What?
You like sort of lack of vision.
Nicely saying the rootest thing you could say in entrepreneur.
John, I want Johnny on Shark Tank.
Sitting in his chair doing that same thing that he's doing right now with his hand.
Got him slowly rubbing his thumb and first finger together.
Like he's playing the world's Chinese violin.
That's right.
Like he might buy the idea.
And then.
I think that he like industries.
Yeah.
Pretty like industries.
All right.
Marika, Mike, could you guys have any last minute pitches for us?
Yeah, I got it.
All right.
Let's go digital.
Oh, we should.
Okay.
I like this.
The stain removed for not just for physical stains.
But for any stains from your past.
I like that.
So you install oxyclean like as an ad block or type thing.
And it deletes any problematic tweets you might have had from the last decade.
And anything else you don't on the internet that somebody could zero in on and try to.
I like that.
It's actually really hard.
That is a fuck.
It could be called proxy clean nice.
You said not only clean physical things.
That means it also does clean physical things.
Yeah.
It emits.
Uh, one of those.
A easy part.
Oh.
All right.
Marika.
Um, moxie mean.
It's the same container.
Same container.
So like a jar of sorts.
But in it's just a bunch of different.
Uh, slips of paper with insults or
encouragement for you.
So you can pull one out.
And it just you got to be meaner.
More aggressively.
And like more confidently.
That's not a bad idea.
That's not like almost like a party game.
Yeah.
Could be a party game.
I'm willing to change that.
Yeah.
Because I'm I take criticism well.
And I'm willing to accept notes on my ideas.
A lot of celebrities say that you can't believe the good press unless you.
Fuck.
Let's just move on.
Snuggie.
Classic as seen on TV product.
What if it was the druggy?
So it's a snuggie.
Same product.
But it kind of gets you high.
So you burn it.
And it's made of hemp.
Yes.
So by the.
And fire fire alarm going off again.
By the way.
Yeah.
That was a fun.
He's burn it.
You burn it while it's on.
I made a prototype.
It's on fire.
I was test.
Never much.
I'm going to cut this out.
But I was saying I was testing it in the Bronx.
No.
I'm going to go blue with my idea.
It's called the Tuggy.
And we know.
We know that.
They got it.
Rica.
You didn't let me finish.
Yeah.
Let them finish here.
Let's do it.
All right.
It's a snuggie with a glory hole.
Let's move on.
Obviously.
Yeah.
There are no laws and ooze for any of us.
Is it still.
It's still a glory hole.
If it's in a blanket.
I think so.
It's a story hole.
Because you can kind of get off well.
You're in a bedtime story.
Oh, God.
What?
That was just a call map.
All right.
Let's move on.
Yeah.
You can just skip me.
No one's going to top Johnny's idea.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
The of glove.
Okay.
Placing an oven mitt that fits over your entire hand.
I'm thinking the love glove.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking maybe I mean because the same.
Thought processes the tuggy because it's a reusable oven mitts.
Like text glove for anal play.
It's me.
How does this.
Mitt.
It.
Not only inside of you, but also.
A bird is only.
It's like an Italian top of the line.
Oh, and range.
I have no answer.
I do.
But I think it's a good idea.
Just.
I do have an idea.
Yeah.
It can still be called the of glove.
And essentially it's a companion to the druggy.
Oh.
A companion to the druggy.
It's a companion to the druggy which also is the tuggy.
So the druggy.
The druggy is a hole in it.
And while that's burning.
You cover.
You cover yourself with the glove.
Okay.
To protect your most sacred words.
That's really good.
Because now we're thinking in terms of monopolies.
Vertical integration.
That's right.
I just heard on podcast.
That's good.
No, yeah.
I don't know.
I think the.
Yeah.
Some sort of integration with the tuggy is great.
That's good.
All right.
Thinking the shove glove.
Oh.
All right.
My.
I had a bad idea.
I thought you were just going to go to me.
But the shop.
I said I shove glove.
It's a.
Yeah.
It's like a brass knuckles.
But only for pushing people.
Is it.
Does it have brass on it?
Or does it look exactly like this?
It looks exactly like the of glove.
See how there's the rubber rubber lining.
Yeah.
So like when push somebody.
It's.
Well, somebody it works.
Your hands can kind of slip off.
That way like you can.
Get some real traction.
Let's move on to the next thing.
I mean, when they talk about entrepreneurship.
They talk about finding like a gap in the market.
How do you satisfy someone's need with a new product?
I just don't think people are going to buy gloves to shove people.
Because you never know when you're going to shove people.
Yeah.
But isn't it nice to be prepared?
People buy guns.
But they're they're not like looking over their shoulder.
Every every day.
Every waking moment of little lives.
Yeah.
I think it's a good argument.
What are people in the shop?
But for guns.
You can go to my shop with a shove glove.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe if everyone had that Travis Scott concert had a shove glove.
Think about it.
All right.
The fairer gun.
This is really as seen on TV.
And I knew you would say that.
Let's just act like it is.
There are gun.
What's the idea that you've prepared in order to say that fairer gun is an
as seen on TV product.
They're a stun.
Personal massager that can also act as a self defense item.
Okay.
Issue with the prototype that I have concocted.
Is that it's hard to tell when it's in stun mode or massage mode?
Hmm.
Yeah.
You should get that fixed.
We would fix it.
We went to market.
Okay.
You should fix it during the prototyping phase.
No.
Let me show you.
You die.
Let's do some ideas.
Come on.
So.
It's called the tuggy.
Yeah.
Instead of the massager, it's just a flashlight.
Oh.
That's a good one.
Is there a weight?
Can we do a dildo version of that too?
Of course.
This is just my shark tank on.
Okay.
Then I want to buy your whole company.
Wow.
America.
Where are you?
There's only so much you can do with those.
Is that a pretty good product?
Or it's a stun gun.
Alright.
My pillow.
Uh.
My zilla.
It's a pillow that you can browse houses on.
The gap in the market is you.
Yeah.
Right now, I'll be in bed late at night.
Can't fall asleep.
And I'm like, well, let me see what the market's like in Boseman.
And I open zillow.
And I'm like, damn.
Like, you know how much nicer'd be if I just could have my face in the pillow and be browsing.
So it's almost a VR headset.
But the only capability is zillow.
Hmm.
You just to put your head in the pillow?
It's.
Well, so it would basically be like the middle of the pillow would be hollowed out.
And there'd be like, uh, uh, uh, uh, is it or a note?
What, what's the fucking the VR headset that it really is?
Oculus.
Oculus would be built.
And we've partnered with Oculus.
You put your head in to the pillow and into the Oculus.
And, um, suddenly you're looking at a duplex in fucking Chad.
That's kind of cool.
Yeah.
Why stop at zillow?
Could it just be like a screen that you could.
I mean, is it just a VR?
Could not be like an alternate.
You're not fucking getting it.
It's only zillow.
Okay.
Because you don't want too many distractions when you're in bed.
Hmm.
Like, you know, I think all of us have a kind of messed up relationship with sleep because we're on our phones.
So you're thinking that having zillow access to zillow on a pillow is going to be less distracting for you to go to bed.
How's that any different than a nicotine law zinge?
It's going to help people get away from, you know, let's say you open your laptop.
You open your phone to zillow.
You're look.
You say, I'm only going to look at a couple of houses that I'm going to go to sleep.
Then you get a text.
Then you're going to email.
Then you see a video on YouTube.
Suddenly you're browsing for another two and a half hours.
This would be a way to not only wean people off of,
being on their phones and laptops and screens and bed,
but also find them a new place to rest their head.
My zillow.
It's a terrible idea.
And there's no real gap in the market.
Whatever gap in the market, you're thinking of is facetious for sure.
All right.
How many ideas?
I do.
And this is actually a pretty good one.
So they can have an offshoot of this called Sky Pillow.
And it's designed specifically for when you're flying in an airplane.
That's good.
Thank you.
Your plane pillows are important.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe huge.
Okay.
So just because you don't see a gap in the market,
doesn't mean there is no gap.
Well, they already have the neck pillows.
Yeah.
It's just my pillow neck edition.
No sky pillow.
Sky pillow.
Sky.
It's pretty good.
Also, I think they should call it your pillow.
Because I see this guy.
Oh, it's his pillow.
Yeah, he is holding it like it says.
Yeah.
Jake.
Wrong.
So wrong.
How long have you been waiting on that?
Too late.
I respond.
Perfect product.
We just need a closer-up image of his face.
Yeah.
It's not enough.
We need more pictures of his face.
See?
On every side of the box.
Every facade.
All right.
Well, I have one.
Okay.
Right pillow.
So it's a pillow.
Fill both right.
We convince everyone that that's like the new thing
in terms of like what a pillow can be filled with.
Sure.
And then once people are done using it,
they can just cook with the rifle hour.
They can mill their own flower.
Are you concerned about like mold or something?
Growing?
No.
So close to your face for eight hours a day.
She's not concerned.
It's in plastic and then there's the pillow covering.
But so you are liking that.
It's going to be mold.
And the way you've been in that is not replacing the ride,
but just putting it in plastic.
It's air sealed.
It's part of a rock.
Oh.
And then it's in plastic.
And it's covered with something soft.
You start a new pandemic.
It's ripen a bag.
All right.
Scrub daddy.
The headquarters is in South Jersey.
I passed it a lot.
I love it.
Love this.
Is that the highest res photo you could find?
It's like 20 low quality.
Yeah.
I mean, no, but I didn't know it was this low.
I just kind of opened in a new tab.
What about the Scrub's daddy?
So it's a sponge shaped like Jeff Goldblum.
All right.
It's good.
That's really good.
Thank you guys.
Scrub duty.
Just for the toilet.
That's good.
It's easy to clean the toilet.
Yeah.
Scrub daddy.
It's an aloof for all the bad bitches out there.
Nice.
Scrub daddy for boys.
The bad dudes.
We're all the bad boys out there.
Scrub daddy.
For the grill.
For the Irishman in your life.
But just a four leaf clover.
That's that's good.
Yeah.
And you'll use it for cleaning potatoes.
It's only made of natural products and fibers.
I like Scrub daddy a lot.
Yeah.
Scrub daddy's good.
Because you need to eat those things to clean off your potatoes and vegetables and stuff like that.
When you can get them.
That's an Irish potato.
Yeah.
And there we go.
Swaddy party.
What about the squaddy naughty?
So it's a leg rest that gets you off on the John.
Ow.
I think we can integrate the there a go.
Idea that.
A leg.
So the leg.
You're matching everyone's legs.
They're a rodginess zones.
And they want that.
Oh, they're going to the bathroom.
I was imagining more that like there'd be a mechanism attached to the squaddy naughty that would integrate.
And again, this is vertical integration.
Micah's version of the Theragon that it acts as a flesh light that's motorized and or a dildo.
And for those most adventurous out there, you could do both at once.
So you put your legs up on the squaddy naughty.
Suddenly the squaddy naughty enters you and you get getting off at work because you can't focus otherwise.
I just feel like I need to write down the mechanics of this a little bit because it's got to putty.
You rest your feet on it, but you're saying you put your legs on it while you're on the toilet.
Correct.
So where is the where's the Theragon integration?
So there'd be kind of a rod that pops up here that you're sort of straddling with two things on a rotating.
It's not like rotating.
It definitely should have.
We'll have engineers.
The rotating is as you you'll press a button here on the squaddy party.
And then that kind of puts into place based on what parts you have to see if you want the dildo in front.
If you want to in back, if you don't want it at all, if you want the flashlight on your member or rubbing up against any other of your parts.
And but my my vision for it if used correctly would be rod dildo flashlight squaddy not be.
Your legs are already up in an add attention up and at a sponsored by Adam and Eve sold in the Adam and Eve store.
You've given this so much thought like you have a mental blueprint.
The blueprint for this machine.
Why do you think I'm always going to the bathroom at work?
I'm thinking about shit.
Go it.
Everybody goes to the bathroom.
You do spend a lot of time in the bathroom.
Yes.
Thinking shit.
Okay.
And testing out product types.
How is this going to be like a silent profit?
That is the issue.
That's the hurdle.
Also I feel like the I feel like the fair again.
Things should be part of the toilet kind of like the like a bidet.
You know what I mean?
Right.
And so instead of having a rod.
I'm not trying to get into the toilet game.
I'm trying to get into the squatty party game.
You could I mean it could be like a Tushie situation.
You're not trying to get into the toilet game.
It's a toilet accessory.
All right.
Well, you know what?
This is why we we go.
If you weren't trying to get into the toilet game,
you picked the wrong private.
Yeah.
All right.
Then I like this idea actually a lot.
So it'll be the squatty naughty.
It comes with the squatty naughty.
And then also a Tushie like accessory that you do have to put under the toilet seat.
That includes the Theragon dildo addition and the Theragon flesh light addition.
You're getting fucked and milked on the squatty naughty.
Well, you know, one of our biggest fucking buyers might be in bulk.
Spirmed donation centers.
Exactly right.
Because I don't know if you guys have ever tried to donate sperm.
But it's really hard in a clinical environment to be excited about anything.
And this makes it better.
She don't think the thinking is taken out of the equation.
The squatty naughty does all the work.
It doesn't, it doesn't take the, it takes like, it takes the excitement out of it.
Yeah.
Excitement's different from the act.
And two separate things.
You're just sitting on a toilet.
I'm going to touch yourself this.
Can I just pitch you by our slogan before you completely say no in the room?
Mm-hmm.
Squatty naughty.
Fill and be filled.
I think you get like, fill of the future.
Branded content going through the future.
Disney show.
Because people love reboots.
There's a fresh Prince of Bel Air drama series coming out.
It's not.
That's not real.
That was a fan made trailer that.
No, what's it?
It's an NBC show.
No way.
Maria, can you vouch for this?
No, it's HBO.
I think.
I'm pretty sure it's real.
Yeah, I think I saw this earlier today.
God, what the hell?
Then we can definitely get fill of the future.
To promote fill and be filled.
Wow.
That's a name, right?
Like, he's a real person.
You want him to go back into character?
Yes.
It does, it does feel like something that would have been invented during his time,
the 22nd century.
Yeah.
So let's get ahead of the game.
Fine.
Do you guys have pictures for the squadty party?
Hot, Toddy party?
You stand up.
Oh.
And it's also a flask.
Stand on it and it's a flask.
How do you drink?
You got to pick it back up.
It's not a, see, the squadty party is not attached to any kind of floor surface.
Yeah.
You can pick it back up.
Take it with you.
But still, the purpose of it is still the squadty party.
It just also was a flask on it.
Yeah.
Got it.
And you're not concerned the fact that it's on the floor of a bathroom all day,
that you're going to be putting your lips to it and drinking from it?
I mean, we've survived this long with COVID going around.
I think that we can, our bodies can handle pretty much anything at this point.
Yeah, I guess you can brush off any safety concern that way.
We're all in here, aren't we?
I guess.
There's got that sign on set.
Shouldn't have gone that way.
I feel, can I, can I offer another option for the hot,
toady party, which I guess is, is not going to involve alcohol,
but it's a squadty party with like a straw situation.
So you can sit on something and maybe you're sitting on like,
pediliter gatorade because you're sitting on the toilet for so long.
You don't need to be hydrate.
Where is the pedilite coming from?
I, you, you essentially are screwing a bottle under the squadty party.
With the Australia lights.
We do have to say that pedilite bottles kind of,
they're like 14 inches tall probably in the spot.
Yeah, I think it's like eight.
So it will be a squadty party.
Yeah.
I think it's better for a better pit.
Wait, you're tall, you miss, totally.
I mean, we don't even have to stand the bottle up right.
You can kind of tilt it.
Yeah, horizontally.
So you can also sell our own version of pedilite.
So now we're tapping into a new market,
but it comes in a pouch.
Pody and it's basically like save a salt water.
It's like a bladder that you put under there.
Oh, yeah.
And it's refrigerated.
And then for the more decolocketed customers,
they could even have, you know, like richer people have like well water.
It could be like well pedilite,
pody lights, all right.
And so like you basically like twice a year,
someone comes and refills this like 18 gallon thing of pedilite
that's subterranean and connects to the squadty party.
Yeah.
Did you just come up with pody a light or was that said?
Johnny said that.
Johnny said it.
It's really good.
I said rich people have well water, but I have a good story
that is just my dad goes to an old plantation
and gets well water to drink from it.
I don't know, I'd down.
Just to drink.
Why doesn't he get a brida?
He likes well water.
Said it tastes better.
All right.
We got to have your dad on this show because he's kind of become a staple
past three weeks.
He's cool, but he shouldn't be on the show.
You don't want to give him a platform now.
All right.
Well, we do have to wrap things up here.
Thank you guys for your notes on my ideas.
I think you guys brought some amazing ideas to the table.
And I think maybe we'll try and see if we can get some funding for one of these.
I think maybe the best one we came up with is the squadty.
Probably the squadty party.
The one that Marie could just come up with or the squadty naughty.
I think maybe you take both of those to market and see what we're doing.
Because it's really good.
I think the squadty naughty was perfect.
Not for life or better term.
It was just not.
That's not a great idea.
Because you're kind of like, you're one of the naughty or people I know.
And in terms of like getting fucked and fucking.
I feel like you would enjoy that experience.
As what I.
There's a gap.
This would ruin my relationship with sex.
In what way exactly.
I'd be violated on my toilet.
It's the most vulnerable.
I feel like on a daily basis.
But then you by comparison when you're in an actual sex sexual scenario with a partner,
you wouldn't feel as vulnerable.
So you'd be able to feel more confident.
More aware of your body.
Because you're not on the party.
That's not how that's going to work.
Yeah.
There's no way.
I think I think also the drug eat tuggy of.
It gets you high off.
And protects your junk.
Oh.
Plugs.
What do we got going on?
What do you guys want to point the people to?
You don't have to plug anything.
Sometimes we go around the horn.
It takes another five minutes.
Just chime in if you have something.
For us all of your guys is a job.
You're you're living on.
So.
If people are listening to this show and Brooklyn in New York,
over there.
Yeah.
Don't.
You're eyes lit up as you said.
Go over there.
Yeah.
You would love to have you.
At least in New York.
I have some level of protection.
Because there's and I mean, I only say level of protection because there's a lot of people that want to get to me to harm me because of how I can look myself on the show.
In LA, I live in a house with you know.
It's not protected in any way.
We have a super who smoke cigarettes in the hallway.
Yeah.
That's probably smoke alarm is going helpful.
Probably.
You do feel more secure in an apartment than a house.
That's true.
Yeah.
But not as baller.
Depends on the apartment.
Yeah.
What about a house?
There's a Nick Rads apartment.
That's right.
That's the comparison.
The moon light.
It's crazy.
Instagram.
Johnny V. J.O. H.
And N.Y. V.I.
I post fun stuff, man.
That's it.
Yeah.
Uh.
Follow me on Twitter and Instagram and Letterbox.
I'm Rue Gailon.
Also, if I were you, fan favorite podcast.
Now a video podcast.
Subscribe to that on the If I Are You Channel.
Which you can find somewhere on the Hadgum Channel.
Sure.
I'm doing my job.
My good.
Jake's been doing this podcast.
He's your brother.
You guys are like best friends for like eight years.
Do you give a shit?
About the podcast.
Yeah.
It's not for you guys.
I'm not telling you to watch the podcast.
I'm telling the people are listening to this because they found out who we are through
Jake and who we are to go watch their podcast.
Separate question.
Michael, do you give a shit?
About what?
About Jake's shit.
Yeah.
It's awesome.
You said that Jake and Michael knew each other for eight years.
Yeah.
They've known each other all their lives.
Jake, Mike, I went to fucking college and California for four years.
Why don't you probably have strange?
Really?
Fuck.
I can't do anything right on this show.
At you, every jam's on Instagram at Jeff Beardy on Twitter.
Marika, why don't you take us home today?
I don't want to.
That was a hit dumb original.